Created .replace() md for pandas (#872)
Codecademy/docs: content/pandas/concepts/dataframe/terms/replace/replace.md

---
Title: '.replace()'

> Description: 'Returns DataFrame Object after values within DataFrame have been changed.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a DataFrame object after values within the DataFrame have been changed.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:

>   - 'Data Structures'
>   - 'Dynamic Programming'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Dynamic Programming'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
```

Since this entry pertains to a specific `DataFrame` method, let's add "Methods" to the list of `Tags`, for SEO purposes. (I think adding "Functions" might also be helpful, but you don't have to add that one.)

  - 'Pandas'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

> The `.replace()` function returns a new [`DataFrame`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/pandas/dataframe) object with specified values replaced with another specified value. The original `DataFrame` object, used to call the method, remains unchanged unless explicitly declared.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.replace()` function returns a new `DataFrame` object with specified values replaced with another specified value. The original `DataFrame` object, used to call the method, remains unchanged unless explicitly declared.
```

Reviewer 2: We generally don't need to link to the parent of the entry.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> df = dataframe.replace(value_to_replace, new_value, inplace=True)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
df = dataframe.replace(value_to_replace, new_value, inplace)
```

```

> `dataframe` is the `DataFrame` with the source data and `value_to_replace` is the value you are targeting within the `DataFrame`. `new_value` is the value you want to have in place of the original value. `inplace` is `False` by default meaning that your original `DataFrame` values will not be replaced unless `inplace` is explicitly declared to `True` within the parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`dataframe` is the `DataFrame` with the source data and `value_to_replace` is the value being targeted within the `DataFrame`. `new_value` is the value used to replace the original value. `inplace` is `False` by default. The original `DataFrame` values will not be replaced unless `inplace` is explicitly declared to `True` within the parameters.
```

Reviewer 2: For docs we generally refrain from using you/your.

Author: Thank you. I'll keep that in mind for all future contributions.

`.replace()` has the following parameters:

> |   Parameter Name   | Data Type                                 | Usage                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   Parameter Name   | Data Type(s)                                 | Usage                                                                                                                                        |
```

| :----------------: | ----------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `value_to_replace` | scalar, dict, list, string, regex, `None` | Value to replace. Value can be singular numeric, string, regex or multiple nested in list/dict.                                              |
> |    `new_value`     | scalar, dict, list, string, regex, `None` | `new_value` replaces any value(s) declared in `to_replace`. Value(s) can be singular numeric, string, regex or multiple nested in list/dict. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value_to_replace` | scalar, dict, list, string, regex, `None` | Value to replace. Value can be singular numeric, string, regex, or multiple nested in list/dict.                                              |
|    `new_value`     | scalar, dict, list, string, regex, `None` | `new_value` replaces any value(s) declared in `to_replace`. Value(s) can be singular numeric, string, regex, or multiple nested in list/dict. |
```

Let's use and Oxford comma to separate the last listed item.
